MEETING #10

Date and Time: November 5, 5:00pm
Location: Armstrong 
Present: Yahya Azami, Nabil Ersyad Noor Eddie Putera, Thusha Sivapatharajah & Aliah Mohd Nazarudin

Discussion:
<Feedback>
For catelogue: for ever category, put photos associated with it
Should not have large photos. Shouldn't be the slideshow because slideshow means the landing/welcome page
At certain point, just wanna see smaller photos, for the rest of catalogues: for practical point of view

Arrow changes, the shape of the arrow when it's up and down.

The part of the application that is most frequently used? Catalogue/Active Bids



Catalogue:  On top of based on category, also list by producers. It will be easier to sort them by the producers then category.
            Suppliers -> Category 

            Search Box 

Active Bids: First list or the default table that's provided must already have semantics
             How many bids expected?
             Depends on the suppliers
             The bids time: Max -- 48 hours
             Can you change the bid after you you place the bid? - That's interesting but it'll be hard.
             (Suggestion: within 48 hours it should be fine?)
             The algorithm - select the lowest price
             
             For example, they get the lowest bid, but they deliver the goods 3days later than the date they should send the goods,
             they should be penalized
             
             There should be a performance rate at the back ends.
             
             Tracking order? Confirm order, on the delivery, delivered.
             
             Automated update on the inventory
             
             Psychological enforcement - The email confirmation
             
             How to avoid having 200 bids? 
             What they see: the volume that they can supply and the bid that's closest to the deadline
             Popup: No one has place a bid on this product yet
             
             
             
Silenium: Testing
            System level test - end to end
            But now: User interface test
            - Mock calls
                        - provide data that we expect
            - When test this with the backend, you can still use the test

Administrative: Presentation
                        - not necessary to develop your own slide
                        - only 1 person does the presentation slide
                        - powerpoint, not the big poster
                        - present to the instructor and advisor
                                    - Julio and Daniel
                        - present the scope of the project to someone that doesn't know anything about the project
                        - do livedemo, animated video
                        - talk about the software engineering part
                        - all the software tools used must be explained
                        - including the algorithm
                        
 Service - get rid of the page
 
 Login - Have the signup option
 
 Catalogue - The slide show only exists at the start of catalgoue, once you clicked on option, 
             the page should be: one for category, one by producer
             Default: by producer (brand)
 
 Active Bids - Category should match the actualy category
 
 Bid History - Need a table, enough spacing
               Hard coded the bids
               Pending Bids first, then successful
 
 Presentation           - Create a new flowchart, explain the whole logic behind it
                        - Cultural, Professional way
            
                        
       


